I'm begging you later.
Don't worry, that book manager, I've already taken care of it.
Today I said he was fake.
That's the truth.
Ouch
Director Li
I'm sorry to bother you so late, haha.
Is it all official business?
This is the forensic doctor on this case in the collar
It is also the most authoritative existence of the sea name
There must be seven tricks to this
Be sure to find out
Let the fraudsters be brought to justice
It seems that you don't believe me.
Evergreen, you are my favorite person
I'll be sad if you do this.
Madam, you are also my favorite person
But I don't want my love
Have you been let down by a counterfeit?
It's the eldest lady of our Lin Mansion
Never be impersonated by outsiders
You man and woman
It's really a bit like singing for women
These people don't know
I thought you two were the perfect match
Stop talking nonsense is true or false
Let the forensic doctor prove it
This is the death report of Lin Qianyu, the eldest lady of the Lin Family
Confirmed as suicide by poisoning
No sign of homicide
The victim showed no signs of life at the scene
So it's scientifically impossible.
Impossible to survive
Then he must be a jerk
Yes, it's a jerk
Madam, I want to believe you too
But you and I are both people who have read books
We have to believe in science.
How do you prove yourself now?
Is it the real Lin Qianyu?